southamerica;;South America
latinamerica;;Latin America
latinoamerica;;Latino America
AmericaDelSur;;America del Sur
Patagonia;;Patagonia
TierraDelFuego;;Tierra del Fuego
amazonia;;Amazon
argentina;;Argentina
republicaargentina;;República Argentina
provincias;;Provincias Argentinas
lapampa;;La Pampa
tucuman;;Tucumán
BahiaBlanca;;Bahía Blanca
Bariloche;;Bariloche
buenosaires;;Buenos Aires
cordoba;;Córdoba
MarDelPlata;;Mar del Plata
rosario;;Rosario
Ushuaia;;Ushuaia
bolivia;;Bolivia
lapaz;;La Paz
brazil;;Brazil
brasil;;Brasil
Alagoas;;Alagoas
Amazonas;;Amazonas
bahia;;Bahia
Ceara;;Ceará
EspiritoSanto;;Espírito Santo
Maranhao;;Maranhão
MinasGerais;;Minas Gerais
parana;;Paraná
StateofRiodeJaneiro;;Rio de Janeiro
riograndedosul;;Rio Grande do Sul
rondonia;;Rondônia
Roraima;;Roraima
SantaCatarina;;Santa Catarina
Sergipe;;Sergipe
saopaulo;;São Paulo
Aracaju;;Aracaju
Bauru;;Bauru
BeloHorizonte;;Belo Horizonte
belem;;Belém
Blumenau;;Blumenau
brasilia;;Brasília
campinas;;Campinas
CampoGrande;;Campo Grande
cascavel;;Cascavel
cuiaba;;Cuiabá
curitiba;;Curitiba
florianopolis;;Florianópolis
fortaleza;;Fortaleza
foz;;Foz do Iguaçu
goiania;;Goiânia
Joinville;;Joinville
juizdefora;;Juiz de Fora
Jundiai;;Jundiaí
londrina;;Londrina
macae;;Macaé
maceio;;Maceió
Manaus;;Manaus
maringa;;Maringá
niteroi;;Niterói
Pelotas;;Pelotas
petropolis;;Petrópolis
piracicaba;;Piracicaba
Pontagrossa;;Ponta Grossa
portoalegre;;Porto Alegre
recife;;Recife
riodejaneiro;;Rio de Janeiro
salvador;;Salvador
sorocaba;;Sorocaba
saocarlos;;São Carlos
saojosedoscampos;;São José dos Campos
saopaulo;;São Paulo
Uberlandia;;Uberlândia
vitoriaES;;Vitória
zonasul;;Zona Sul, Rio de Janeiro
chile;;Chile
laserena;;La Serena
santiago;;Santiago
easterisland;;Easter Island
puertomontt;;Puerto Montt
rapanui;;Rapa Nui (Easter Island)
ValpoChile;;Valparaíso
colombia;;Colombia
colombiareddit;;Colombia
Barranquilla;;Barranquilla
bogota;;Bogotá
bucaramanga;;Bucaramanga
CaliColombia;;Cali
MANIZALES;;Manizales
medellin;;Medellín
Pereira;;Pereira
popayan;;Popayán
ecuador;;Ecuador
cuenca;;Cuenca
galapagos;;Galapagos
Guayaquil;;Guayaquil
Quito;;Quito
falklandislands;;Falkland Islands
Grenada;;Grenada
guyana;;Guyana
paraguay;;Paraguay
peru;;Perú
arequipa;;Arequipa
cusco;;Cusco
limaperu;;Lima
piura;;Piura
suriname;;Suriname
Sranan;;Republiek Suriname
paramaribo;;Paramaribo
uruguay;;Uruguay
montevideo;;Montevideo
vzla;;Venezuela
venezuelareddit;;Venezuela
barquisimeto;;Barquisimeto
caracas;;Caracas
Maracaibo;;Maracaibo