asia;;Asia
centralasia;;Central Asia
mideast;;Mid East
MiddleEast;;Middle East
SouthAsia;;South Asia
southeastasia;;South East Asia
subcontinent;;Subcontinent
afghanistan;;Afghanistan
kabul;;Kabul
armenia;;Armenia
armenian;;Armenian
Artsakh;;Artsakh (Nagorno-Karabakh)
yerevan;;Yerevan
azerbaijan;;Azerbaijan
Azerbaycan;;Azərbaycan
baku;;Baku
South_Azerbaijan;;South Azerbaijan
bahrain;;Bahrain
bangladesh;;Bangladesh
dhaka;;Dhaka
Chittagong;;Chittagong
bhutan;;Bhutan
brunei;;Brunei
burma;;Burma
myanmar;;Myanmar
unionofmyanmar;;Union of Myanmar
Yangon;;Yangon
cambodia;;Cambodia
PhnomPenh;;Phnom Penh
SiemReap;;Siem Reap
Siem_Reap;;Siem_Reap
Sihanoukville;;Sihanoukville
china;;China
dongbei;;Northeast China (Dongbei)
beijing;;Beijing
Changchun;;Changchun
changsha;;Changsha
Chaoyang;;Chaoyang
Chengdu;;Chengdu
chongqing;;Chongqing
dalian;;Dalian
dongguan;;Dongguan
foshan;;Foshan
fuzhou;;Fuzhou
guangzhou;;Guangzhou
Guilin;;Guilin
guiyang;;Guiyang
haerbin;;Haerbin
Haikou;;Haikou
hangzhou;;Hangzhou
harbin_china;;Harbin
hefei;;Hefei
Hohhot;;Hohhot
jinan;;Jinan
jingan;;Jingan
Kunming;;Kunming
Kunshan;;Kunshan
Lanzhou;;Lanzhou
lijiang;;Lijiang
Nanchong;;Nanchong
nanjing;;Nanjing
nanning;;Nanning
NingboChina;;Ningbo
peking;;Peking
qingdao;;Qingdao
qingyuan;;Qingyuan
sanya;;Sanya
shanghai;;Shanghai
Shangrao;;Shangrao
Shenyang;;Shenyang
shenzhen;;Shenzhen
Suzhou;;Suzhou
taiyuan;;Taiyuan
Tianjin;;Tianjin
Wenzhou;;Wenzhou
wuhan;;Wuhan
wuxi;;Wuxi
xian;;Xi&#39;an
xiamen;;Xiamen
TheHeartOfChina;;Xian
Yantian;;Yantian
Yichang;;Yichang
Yinchuan;;Yinchuan
Zhaoqing;;Zhaoqing
zhengzhou;;Zhengzhou
fujian;;Fujian
guangdong;;Guangdong
henan;;Henan
hubei;;Hubei
Hunan;;Hunan
shandong;;Shandong
shanxi;;Shanxi
sichuan;;Sichuan
tibet;;Tibet
Xinjiang;;Xinjiang
yunnan;;Yunnan
DiscoveryBay;;Discovery Bay
hongkong;;Hong Kong
Kowloon;;Kowloon
macau;;Macau
Tsimshatsui;;Tsimshatsui
tungchung;;Tung Chung
Abkhazia;;Abkhazia
sakartvelo;;Sakartvelo, Republic of Georgia
tbilisi;;Tbilisi
india;;India
india_;;India_
republicofindia;;Republic of India
dravida;;Dravida
kashmir;;Kashmir
lakshadweep;;Lakshadweep
northindia;;North India
southindia;;South India
ahmedabad;;Ahmedabad
amdavad;;Ahmedabad (Amdavad)
alappuzha;;Alappuzha
aligarh;;Aligarh
amritsar;;Amritsar
aparnasarovar;;Aparna Sarovar
asansol;;Asansol
bangalore;;Bangalore
bharatpur;;Bharatpur
bhayandar;;Bhayandar
bhilai;;Bhilai
bhopal;;Bhopal
chamba;;Chamba
chandigarh;;Chandigarh
chennai;;Chennai
chennaicity;;Chennai City
chikmagalur;;Chikmagalur
coimbatore;;Coimbatore
dehradun;;Dehradun
dehraduncIty;;Dehradun City
delhi;;Delhi
durgapur;;Durgapur
goa;;Goa
hyderabad;;Hyderabad
jabalpur;;Jabalpur
jaipur;;Jaipur
jammu;;Jammu
jodhpur;;Jodhpur
jorhat;;Jorhat
kanyakumari;;Kanyakumari
katihar;;Katihar
kishtwar;;Kishtwar
kochi;;Kochi
kolhapur;;Kolhapur
kolkata;;Kolkata
kollam;;Kollam
kodaikanal;;Kodaikanal
kothamangalam;;Kothamangalam
lucknow;;Lucknow
mangalore;;Mangalore
meerut;;Meerut
mumbai;;Mumbai
mysore;;Mysore
mysuru;;Mysore (Mysuru)
nagpur;;Nagpur
nashik;;Nashik
newdelhi;;New Delhi
palwal;;Palwal
patna;;Patna
puducherry;;Puducherry
pune;;Pune
ranchi;;Ranchi
rishikesh;;Rishikesh
solapur;;Solapur
southdelhi;;South Delhi
tirupati;;Tirupati
trivandrum;;Trivandrum
tuticorin;;Tuticorin
udaipur;;Udaipur
vashi;;Vashi
vijayawada;;Vijayawada
visakhapatnam;;Visakhapatnam
andaman_and_nicobar;;Andaman and Nicobar
assam;;Assam
bihar;;Bihar
chhattisgarh;;Chhattisgarh
gujarat;;Gujarat
himachalpradesh;;Himachal Pradesh
jharkhand;;Jharkhand
karnataka;;Karnataka
kerala;;Kerala
maharashtra;;Maharashtra
mizoram;;Mizoram
odisha;;Odisha
punjab;;Punjab
rajasthan;;Rajasthan
sikkim;;Sikkim
tamilnadu;;Tamil Nadu
telangana;;Telangana
uttarpradesh;;Uttar Pradesh
uttarakhand;;Uttarakhand
westbengal;;West Bengal
indonesia;;Indonesia
indo;;Indo
JavaIndonesia;;Java
Lombok;;Lombok
RajaAmpat;;Raja Ampat
sumatra;;Sumatra
aceh;;Aceh
bali;;Bali
Bengkulu;;Bengkulu
Jambi;;Jambi
MALUKU;;Maluku
westpapua;;West Papua
BandarLampung;;Bandar Lampung
Bandung;;Bandung
batam;;Batam
bekasi;;Bekasi
bogor;;Bogor
jakarta;;Jakarta
lhokseumawe;;Lhokseumawe
Makassar;;Makassar
Malang;;Malang
Medan;;Medan
MedanID;;Medan
pluit;;Pluit
Pontianak;;Pontianak
semarang;;Semarang
surabaya;;Surabaya
ubud;;Ubud
jogja;;Yogyakarta
iran;;Iran
iranian;;Iranian
persia;;Persia
Ardabil;;Ardabil
Karaj;;Karaj
KoverdanBandarLengeh;;Koverdān
Mashhad;;Mashhad
Rasht;;Rasht
south_azerbaijan;;South Azerbaijan
tabriz;;Tabriz
tehran;;Tehran
Urmia;;Urmia
Zahedan;;Zahedan
iraq;;Iraq
assyria;;Assyria
Arbil;;Arbil
basra;;Basra
kirkuk;;Kirkuk
Mosul;;Mosul
Sulaymaniyah;;Sulaymaniyah
israel;;Israel
israeddit;;Israeddit
mercaz;;Mercaz
Yisrael;;Yisrael
Ashdod;;Ashdod
Azor;;Azor
Haifa;;Haifa
jerusalem;;Jerusalem
Modiin;;Modi&#39;in
telaviv;;Tel Aviv
newsokur;;newsokur
japan;;Japan
ja;;JA
nihon;;Nihon
Nippon;;Nippon
chiba;;Chiba
fukuoka;;Fukuoka
hiroshima;;Hiroshima
Hokkaido;;Hokkaido
Inuyama;;Inuyama
kagoshima;;Kagoshima
kansai;;Kansai
kichijoji;;Kichijoji
kobecity;;Kobe
Kumamoto;;Kumamoto
Kyoto;;Kyoto
Kyushu;;Kyushu
mie;;Mie
Myoko;;Myoko
nagoya;;Nagoya
niigata;;Niigata
okinawa;;Okinawa
osaka;;Osaka
Saitama;;Saitama
sapporo;;Sapporo
sendai;;Sendai
shikoku;;Shikoku
tokyo;;Tokyo
TsuzukikuYokohama;;Tsuzuki-ku
Yokohama;;Yokohama
yokosuka;;Yokosuka
jordan;;Jordan
Amman;;Amman
kazakhstan;;Kazakhstan
Qazaqstan;;Qazaqstan
kazakstan;;Kazakstan
almaty;;Almaty
almatycity;;Almaty City
astana;;Astana
shymkent;;Shymkent
northkorea;;North Korea
koreaDPR;;Korea, DPR
rason;;Rason
pyongyang;;Pyongyang
korea;;Korea
southkorea;;South Korea
south_korea;;South_Korea
ansan;;Ansan
busan;;Busan
changwon;;Changwon
cheonan;;Cheonan
Daegu;;Daegu
daejeon;;Daejeon
gimhae;;Gimhae
gwangju;;Gwangju
gyeongju;;Gyeongju
hongdae;;Hongdae
Incheon;;Incheon
jeonju;;Jeonju
Jeju;;Jeju
jejuisland;;Jeju Island
Pyeongchang;;Pyeongchang
pyeongtaek;;Pyeongtaek
Seongnam;;Seongnam
seoul;;Seoul
Suwon;;Suwon
ulsan;;Ulsan
kurdistan;;Kurdistan
rojava;;Rojava
kuwait;;Kuwait
kyrgyzstan;;Kyrgyzstan
bishkek;;Bishkek
laos;;Laos
Vientiane;;Vientiane
lebanon;;Lebanon
libnan;;Libnān
Liban;;Liban
beirut;;Beirut
malaysia;;Malaysia
Ipoh;;Ipoh
johor;;Johor
johor_bahru_malaysia;;Johor Bahru
kelantan;;Kelantan
klang;;Klang
kualalumpur;;Kuala Lumpur
kuantan;;Kuantan
penang;;Penang
puchong;;Puchong
Sabah;;Sabah
sandakan;;Sandakan
Sarawak;;Sarawak
selangor;;Selangor
seremban;;Seremban
Subangjaya;;Subang Jaya
ttdi;;Taman Tun Dr. Ismail
Terengganu;;Terengganu
maldives;;Maldives
mongolia;;Mongolia
darkhan;;Darkhan
Erdenet;;Erdenet
ulaanbaatar;;Ulaanbaatar
nepal;;Nepal
Banepa;;Banepa
biratnagar;;Biratnagar
kathmandu;;Kathmandu
pokhara;;Pokhara
oman;;Oman
muscat;;Muscat
pakistan;;Pakistan
faisalabad;;Faisalabad
gujranwala;;Gujranwala
islamabad;;Islamabad
karachi;;Karachi
lahore;;Lahore
Peshawar;;Peshawar
Quetta;;Quetta
saghar;;Saghar
palestine;;Palestine
Gaza;;Gaza
Nablus;;Nablus
Ramallah;;Ramallah
WestBank;;West Bank
philippines;;Philippines
Pacita;;Southern Philippines
Angeles;;Angeles City
bacolodcity;;Bacolod City
bogocity;;Bogo City
cagayandeoro;;Cagayan de Oro
calamba;;Calamba
cebu;;Cebu
davao;;Davao
davaocity;;Davao City
gensan;;General Santos (Gensan)
generalsantos;;General Santos
iloilo;;Iloilo
makati;;Makati City
mnl;;Manila
naga;;Naga
nagacity;;Naga City
NuevaEcija;;Nueva Ecija
palawan;;Palawan
Paranaque;;Parañaque
quezon;;Quezon City
zambales;;Zambales
zamboanga;;Zamboanga
qatar;;Qatar
doha;;Doha
saudiarabia;;Saudi Arabia
KingdomofSaudiArabia;;Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
CityOfJeddah;;Jeddah
riyadh;;Riyadh
RiyadhVision;;Riyadh Vision
yanbu;;Yanbu al Sinayah
singapore;;Singapore
srilanka;;Sri Lanka
Colombo;;Colombo
Jaffna;;Jaffna
SriPadaya;;Sri Padaya
wadduwa;;Wadduwa
Syria;;Syria
Aleppo;;Aleppo
Damascus;;Damascus
Homs;;Homs
latakia;;Latakia
taiwan;;Taiwan
RepublicOfChina;;Republic of China
aitaiwan;;Ai Taiwan
kaohsiung;;Kaohsiung
taipei;;Taipei
tajikistan;;Tajikistan
dushanbe;;Dushanbe
thailand;;Thailand
Siam;;Siam
everythingthai;;Everything Thai
bangkok;;Bangkok
BKK;;Bangkok (BKK)
Buriram;;Buriram
ChiangMaiThailand;;Chiang Mai
HuaHin;;Hua Hin
jomtien;;Jomtien
Khao_Lak_Thailand;;Khao Lak
KohChangIsland;;Koh Chang
Lanta;;Koh Lanta
Samui;;Koh Samui
Krabi;;Krabi
Pattaya;;Pattaya
PattayaTH;;Pattaya TH
phuket;;Phuket
phuket_thailand;;Phuket TH
Timor;;Timor
timorleste;;Timor-Leste
EastTimor;;East Timor
turkmenistan;;Turkmenistan
Ashgabat;;Ashgabat
uae;;UAE
abudhabi;;Abu Dhabi
Abu_Dhabi;;Abu_Dhabi
AlAinCity;;Al Ain
dubai;;Dubai
Fujairah;;Fujairah
RasAlKhaimah;;Ras al-Khaimah
sharjah;;Sharjah
uzbekistan;;Uzbekistan
Bukhara;;Bukhara
samarkand;;Samarkand
Samarkand_Stuff;;Samarkand UZ
Tashkent;;Tashkent
vietnam;;Vietnam
VietNamCongHoa;;Việt Nam Cộng Hòa
DaNang;;Da Nang
hanoi;;Hanoi
hochiminh;;Ho Chi Minh
hochiminhcity;;Ho Chi Minh City
saigon;;Saigon
vinh;;Vinh
Yemen;;Yemen